Improve symlink dirs documentation (#369)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/7-to-8/summary.rst

.. seealso::

   * :ref:`SymlinkDirs`
   * :ref:`RemoteInit`

Symlinking the directories used by Cylc provides a useful way of managing disk

> space. This functionality was previously available with the Rose ``root dir``
> configuration but has now been implemented in Cylc 8.

Reviewer: The use of the present perfect (I think) makes me twitchy:

```suggestion
space.

.. versionadded:: 8.0.0

   This functionality is similar to (and replaces) using the Rose ``root dir`` configuration with Cylc 7.
```
